Add document about local ssh (#3800)
gitpod-io/website: gitpod/docs/references/ides-and-editors/vscode.md

![Selecting VS Code Desktop as an editor preference](/images/editors/select-vscode-desktop-preference-dark-theme.png)
_Selecting VS Code Desktop as an editor preference_

## Connecting to VS Code Desktop

> Connection to VS Code Desktop works via a secure tunnel established on the users device. A minor update is required to the users SSH configuration. A directory is created `~/.ssh/code_gitpod.d`, and an include statement is made in the main SSH configuration file (`~/.ssh/config`). No other SSH configuration files are read to, or written by Gitpod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connection to VS Code Desktop works via a secure tunnel established on the users device. A minor update is required to the users SSH configuration. A directory is created `~/.ssh/code_gitpod.d`, and an `Include` statement is added to the main SSH configuration file (`~/.ssh/config`). No other SSH configuration files are read, or written to by Gitpod.
```

### SSH configuration modifications

> The following shows examples of the changes Gitpod makes to a users SSH configuration files to establish connection with Gitpod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following shows examples of the changes Gitpod makes to a user's SSH configuration files to establish a connection to Gitpod.
```

Host *.vss.gitpod.io
  ...
```

**Caption:** An example of the directory created `~/.ssh/code_gitpod.d` and included configuration in the auto-generated `~/.ssh/code_gitpod.d/config` file.

```shell
$ cat ~/.ssh/config
## START GITPOD INTEGRATION
## This section is managed by Gitpod. Any manual changes will be lost.
Include "code_gitpod.d/config"
## END GITPOD INTEGRATION
```

**Caption:** Example of the update to the SSH config file in `~/.ssh/config`.

![How VS Code Desktop establishes connection to Gitpod](/images/editors/how-vscode-local-ssh-connect-dark-theme.png)
![How VS Code Desktop establishes connection to Gitpod](/images/editors/how-vscode-local-ssh-connect-light-theme.png)
_How VS Code Desktop establishes connection to Gitpod_

### Legacy Connection Methods

For documentation on previous / deprecated methods of connecting to VS Code see [Legacy - VS Code Desktop Connection Methods](/docs/references/ides-and-editors/legacy-vscode-connections), this includes:

1. [SSH Gateway access using an uploaded public SSH key](/docs/references/ides-and-editors/legacy-vscode-connections#connect-to-vs-code-desktop-using-an-uploaded-public-ssh-key)

> 2. [SSH Gateway access using the owner token](/docs/references/ides-and-editors/legacy-vscode-connections#connect-to-vs-code-desktop-using-the-workspace-owner-token)

Reviewer 2: Workspace Trust below remain relevant regardless of connectivity method?

## Connecting to VS Code Desktop (SSH)

The four main methods granting VS Code Desktop access to your workspace are:

1. Local SSH access using the stored Gitpod session in VSCode Desktop to do authenticate and provide a ssh tunnel to workspaces (recommended)
2. SSH Gateway access using an uploaded public SSH key
3. SSH Gateway access using the owner token
4. Using Local Companion (legacy)

> <!-- > **🚨 Security Note:** To use `Local SSH`, [**it requires to add some content to your ssh config file**](/docs/references/ides-and-editors/vscode-desktop-local-ssh). Please remember that if you ever have any security concerns, you could use other methods or choose other editors. -->

Author: Yeah 👍 , I once want to add this warning https://github.com/gitpod-io/website/pull/3800#discussion_r1245691211 but since we will add warning with feedback method and issue on [dashboard](https://github.com/gitpod-io/gitpod/pull/18112) when VS Code Desktop selected, we can track feedback too.

Good to uncomment this note too, since if there's no attention then they (dashboard + document) are good to add and remove together

> ## Connecting to VS Code Desktop (SSH)

Reviewer 3: Let's discuss what we're doing with these other SSH methods, ideally we will deprecate them (and move them in our documentation)

The four main methods granting VS Code Desktop access to your workspace are:

> 1. Local SSH access using a Gitpod session stored in VS Code Desktop for authentication and provision of SSH tunnels to workspaces (recommended)

Reviewer 2: I would mark for now (experimented)? Should we clarify that some users are included? We don't allow users to configure it?

We should be clear of all benefits of these method that it is going to become default?

2. SSH Gateway access using an uploaded public SSH key
3. SSH Gateway access using the owner token
4. Using Local Companion (legacy)

<!-- > **🚨 Security Note:** To use `Local SSH`, [**it requires to add some content to your ssh config file**](docs/references/ides-and-editors/vscode#modify-ssh-config-file). Please remember that if you ever have any security concerns, you could use other methods or choose other editors. -->

See [configure SSH](/docs/configure/user-settings/ssh) for more on SSH Gateway.

> **Important:** You must first ensure that `gitpod.remote.useLocalApp` is set to `false` in your VS Code user preferences for Gitpod to connect via the two SSH Gateway methods.

### Connect to VS Code Desktop using Local SSH

> `Local SSH` allows users to access their workspaces from VS Code Desktop. This method utilizes the stored Gitpod session in VS Code Desktop as a form of authentication, thereby providing an additional layer of security.

Reviewer 2: All methods are using Gitpod auth. It does not give one benefit over other.

This method:
- smooth connection experience
- stable workspace URLs
- works in any network
- always use one time generated token for each workspace start
